README.md, before:

# Hi! My name is Nischal and this is an attempt at developing my portfolio website

For all the experience I have as a developer I have very little to show for it, and no place to show even that! So here's to fixing one of those problems by having a place to display my (few) works. This is v1 for me and I'd appreciate any criticism or feedback you have for me 😊.

# Contributions

If you have any suggestions for thing I could improve on I would love the feedback. I'm still new to Open Source and contribution so bear with me while I set up a format and flow for help.

# Pending Tasks

- [x] Change Experience to a Timeline
- [x] Update Contact Us Page
- [x] Add more projects to the Projects section
- [ ] Make the whole site mobile viewable
  - [ ] Dark mode toggle on mobile view
- [ ] Projects: Add title, link to GitHub page, navigation and better description
  - [x] Link to Github Page
  - [ ] Navigation
  - [ ] Update description view
- [ ] Timeline: Better descriptions
- [ ] Add a colour scheme
- [ ] Gradient on hover

## Design in Progress

[Figma Page](https://www.figma.com/file/dPLR7yWhRIn3PcVsmXdOZK/Wireframing---Portfolio-Website?node-id=107%3A276)

## Inspiration

- [Cassidy Williams](https://cassidoo.co/)
- [Jemima Abu](https://www.jemimaabu.com/)
- [Marcus Artis](https://marcusartis.pixpa.com/)
- [Graham McDonnell](https://www.greymac.com/)

Commit message:

:art: More style changes
Updated timeline to look better and fixed css spacing issues

README.md, after:

# Hi! My name is Nischal and this is an attempt at developing my portfolio website

For all the experience I have as a developer I have very little to show for it, and no place to show even that! So here's to fixing one of those problems by having a place to display my (few) works. This is v1 for me and I'd appreciate any criticism or feedback you have for me 😊.

# Contributions

If you have any suggestions for thing I could improve on I would love the feedback. I'm still new to Open Source and contribution so bear with me while I set up a format and flow for help.

# Pending Tasks

- [x] Change Experience to a Timeline
- [x] Update Contact Us Page
- [x] Add more projects to the Projects section
- [ ] Make the whole site mobile viewable
  - [ ] Dark mode toggle on mobile view
- [ ] Projects: Add title, link to GitHub page, navigation and better description
  - [x] Link to Github Page
  - [ ] Navigation
  - [ ] Update description view
- [ ] Timeline: Better descriptions
- [ ] Add a colour scheme
- [ ] Gradient on hover - links
- [ ] Add location to Timeline for each card

## Design in Progress

[Figma Page](https://www.figma.com/file/dPLR7yWhRIn3PcVsmXdOZK/Wireframing---Portfolio-Website?node-id=107%3A276)

## Inspiration

- [Cassidy Williams](https://cassidoo.co/)
- [Jemima Abu](https://www.jemimaabu.com/)
- [Marcus Artis](https://marcusartis.pixpa.com/)
- [Graham McDonnell](https://www.greymac.com/)
